Overhauling Pluggability (#44)
nodestream-proj/nodestream: docs/docs/guides/project-plugins.md

pipelines that interact with a specific API. These pipelines can be packaged as a plugin and distributed with `pypi` as a seperate package. The plugin can then be registered as a project plugin, and the pipelines will be added to any project that is opened.

To support this, `PipelineScope` has a factory method that can be used to create an instance using the 
`importlib.resources` api. This allows you to distribute pipelines as part of a python package, and load them into a project at runtime.

```python
from nodestream.project import Project, ProjectPlugin, PipelineScope, PipelineDefinition

class MyProjectPlugin(ProjectPlugin):
    def activate(self, project: Project) -> None:
        scope = PipelineScope.from_resources(name="my_plugin", package="my_plugin.pipelines")
        project.add_scope(scope)
```

### Registering the Project Plugin

Project plugins are registered via 
the [entry_points](https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/entry_point.html#entry-points-for-plugins) API of a Python Package.
Specifically, the `entry_point` named `project` inside of the `nodestream.plugins` group is loaded.

> All project plugins are expected tobe a subclass of `nodestream.project:ProjectPlugin` as directed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All project plugins are expected to be a subclass of `nodestream.project:ProjectPlugin` as directed above.
```
